[IKO] Did you remember
a change of clothes?
-[SHY] Yeah.
-And your toothbrush?
Got it right here.
Oh! Your passport?
Did you really
think I'd forget that.
I've double checked everything.
She's fine.
I promise I'm okay.
I am a Hero,
so like, hey! I've got this!
You're totally right.
Well, have a good trip.
Thanks.
[SHY] Please don't worry,
residents of Japan.
♪
I'll be back soon.
But for now, I'm in Russia.
The other day,
when we encountered
Amarariruku,
Pepesha thought
one of their members
looked like she did as a kid.
Since she looked familiar,
Pepesha and I agreed to
investigate in her homeland.
But that said,
I had hoped
she'd be here first!
Being alone in an unfamiliar
country is terrifying!
-Look who it is!
-Huh?
Thank you for coming
all the way out here.
There you are!
Are you feeling any better
since you got hurt?
Yeah, all patched up!
I am right as rain and nothing
could bring me down now.
Not with such a cutie here.
Now let's hurry and go!
I'm happy you're here!
She's drunk again.
[humming]
Um, mind if I ask you,
do you ever go a day
without drinking?
[laughing]
Jeez, Debbie Downer!
Am I bad? Huh?
I'm not sick or anything.
I just want to be
presentable for you.
So you're drunk
because of me?
[chuckles]
Being honest?
If you ever came
across me sober,
you probably wouldn't recognize
the woman in front of you.
[gasps]
All right.
So, would you mind telling me
where we're going?
I figured we could head
to the place I grew up.
They kept photo albums from
every year since they opened.
I suppose it sounded
helpful for our research.
That sounds exciting.
I'm curious what you were like
as a little kid.
[SPIRIT]
Are you now?
I'm afraid I wasn't the
cheerful girl you know today.
But I feel like
you're always happy.
Yeah?
I'm glad you think so!
Looks like we're here!
What is this place?
This is home.
Also known as Yuri Orphanage.
Oh, so you mean...
Don't worry your pretty face,
everyone's as kind as can be!
[ISAAK]
Well, well, well.
I thought I heard some cheerful
voices approaching.
I'm glad you're back, dear.
I've missed
my beloved daughter.
Good to see you, Mister Isaak!
You...look great!
[laughing]
And who's your friend?
Let me introduce
Teru Momijiyama.
She came here from Japan.
Huh? Pleasure to meet you.
I appreciate you
welcoming me here.
No, the pleasure is all mine.
I hope that you'll enjoy
your visit at Yuri Orphanage.
You can call me Isaak.
I'm the director
of these facilities.
You look so young,
but your Russian is incredible.
Oh, well, I try.
[SHRIMPY]
She's using the power of
her Heart-Shift Bracelets
to translate.
[ISAAK] Well, no point
in standing around.
What do you say we
start heading inside?
They're all gonna be
happy to see you.
-[giggling]
-Listen up, kids.
We have guests.
Say hello to Pepesha
and her friend.
What? Pesha's here?
For real?
Hey. How are we doing?
[excited laughter]
What are you doing over here?
I've read every single
book that you sent us!
-Those snacks were yummy, too.
-Thank you for everything!
I'm glad all of you
seem to be doing so well!
[SHY] Pepesha's really popular
here, too.
I'd like to ask
if you don't mind.
Where did the two of you
first meet?
Huh?!
Oh, let me think.
I guess we're sorta
like colleagues,
or we work in the same field.
Is that so?
She's never mentioned a word
to me about the work she does,
but I'm glad that
whatever the two of you do,
she has someone she
can rely on from day to day.
Right. Uh, thank you, sir.
It's been ten whole years since
Pesha called this place home,
but I can tell she's
still pretty concerned
about the kids' life here.
Every month, like clockwork,
we'll get some money
from her in the mail.
And because of her generosity,
we keep this place running,
and the kids are happy.
So, all of the staff
here choose to respect
her privacy when it
comes to her work.
If you ask any of the children
what they think she does,
she's a hero.
Yeah.
Here are the albums
from when you were still here.
Thanks for getting these.
But you've piqued my curiosity.
Why do you need so many?
I'm investigating something
that happened back then,
and I'm dying to know
what I was like as a kid.
[chuckles]
Well, make yourselves at home.
Oh, more importantly, Pesha.
It smells like you have
a taste for the bottle.
Be careful not to overdo it.
[awkward chuckling]
Yeah, sure thing.
Hm!
I hope these won't
all be dead ends.
If I may,
this might be redundant now,
but I had no idea you
grew up in an orphanage.
-It never came up.
-Yep.
These people took
me into their arms
when I was only 12 years old.
I spent five years with them
before going out
to live on my own.
And it's wonderful,
don't you think?
Everyone here
is so warm and kind.
So when I chose to go away,
I felt lonely without them.
Of course, I still come back
every time I get the chance.
So I haven't
completely left the nest.
-Oh, hey! Check it out.
-Huh?
This one's a picture of me.
Which do you mean?
Ta-da!
[giggling]
Look at that grumpy teen.
I wonder if I was always
that grouchy.
I must have been annoying
I'm sure you couldn't
have been that bad!
You look cute,
even though you're upset.
Yeah?
But look at me.
Not quite
the life of the party.
Right?
Oh, you've got a genuine
smile in this one.
[chuckles]
If you can call it that.
Why does my whole face look
so awkward?
You know,
I think you're on to something.
You do sort of look
like that Tzveta girl,
if you squint a little.
Huh?
But I don't think
these are enough to go off of.
Let's find some more pictures.
-[sliding]
-Huh?
[SHY] Something just
fell to the floor!
[SPIRIT]
Huh? I wonder what.
♪
[gasps]
What is it? Anything?
Wouldn't you know it,
it's a picture of me
with my mama.
Wow. You must've been really
young in that photo.
Yeah.
It must have been stuck
in between the pages.
I remember...
♪
[SPIRIT]
That's right.
For a while when I got here,
I carried this picture with me
everywhere.
I was so scared
of being all alone.
♪
You really loved your mother.
That's plain to see.
No doubt.
And I looked up to her.
She took care of me
those 12 years all by herself.
Mama was also raised
inside this orphanage.
So when she was gone,
it made sense
I'd come here, too.
She rarely said too much.
But then,
some nights,
she'd go on and on.
As happy as can be.
Do you wanna guess why?
Guess why she was happier?
-[gasps]
-That's right!
Because she was drunk
as a skunk.
♪
My mama was always
the stoic and cool type
but when she drank,
she let down her walls
and was like a cute
and talkative friend.
That's why, I remember watching
her drink and thinking,
"Alcohol is magical."
"It has mystic
properties to return
adults to what they
were like as kids."
♪
Which is why kids
weren't allowed to drink it.
Because then you might
turn into a baby and disappear.
[laughing]
With all that in mind,
a lot more things make sense.
You're like your mother.
Don't you think?
♪
You really think that's true?
I mean, just going off
of everything you've told me.
Like the fact that both of you
love drinking alcohol.
Or what about how you're
both cute when you're drunk?
Oh, that doesn't mean a thing.
Everyone around here
gets like that
with a couple of drinks.
Huh?
-[knocking]
-Huh?
Yeah?
[door creaks open]
Any luck
finding more about yourself?
Yes, plenty.
We're already getting
into the afternoon hours.
Why don't the two of you
join us for lunch?
[bird chirping]
[SPIRIT]
Oh, that was wonderful.
Thank you for the meal.
I think a little beer
would be perfect right now.
What do you say?
You're getting me worried.
You know when to stop,
don't you?
[groaning]
[NATALIA]
Hey, look over this way.
I've got just
what you're fixing for.
I'd know the voice that makes
the mountains shake anywhere.
Hi, Natalia!
It's been way too long.
It looks like you've
put on some weight.
Really?
Well, I don't have any beer
for brats like you.
[gasps]
Kidding!
-You're perfect, a Goddess!
-[chuckling]
Oh, that's right.
This lady is Natalia.
She's been an important part
of the staff since I was a kid.
You must be the girlie
who came here from Japan.
Yeah. I'm Teru Momijiyama.
Well, we may not
have much around here,
but enjoy what there is.
That's so generous of you.
It's time to catch up, Pesha.
We're long overdue, Natalia.
-Yeah!
[SHY]
It looks easy.
[NATALIA] Tell me, what brought
the two of you out here?
I don't suppose
memory lane came a-callin'?
I guess.
While I scanned the albums,
I remembered more of my days
here than I expected.
I was nostalgic
the entire time.
[NATALIA] If I recall,
you were a nightmare
when you first joined
our family.
I couldn't get a damn word
out of you.
[SPIRIT]
Was I really that bad?
Nowadays, you're starting to
look more and more like Lenya.
Though I don't remember
ever seeing her smile
without a glass in her hand.
So, is Lenya...?
Short for Letana Andreanova.
It's the nickname
my mama went by.
I knew Lenya years ago when we
were barely more than children.
She and I spent a lot of time
together
growing up
at this very orphanage.
So you grew up
at the orphanage, too, Natalia?
You got that right.
But actually, in my case,
I didn't spend much time away.
[laughing]
[NATALIA] Without any family
reputation to work off of,
I had a difficult time
finding anyone who would dare
to trust me with a job.
And I didn't have the privilege
of any schooling either.
So I decided to return to
the coop that I had just flown.
People like to talk
about the heroes of today
and how all the wars have ended
or that the world
supposedly changed.
But nothing's changed
in the little corners
of the world
where it's
still tough to survive.
Oh, look at me, ramble.
I'm sorry for boring your ears
off, dear.
No, it's fascinating, really.
Now that I think of it.
You're looking to explore
some old memories, right?
Why don't you take a gander
at some of my old photo albums?
Great idea.
You wouldn't have
seen much of her before,
but I'll bet Lenya is in those!
Hm?!
[SPIRIT]
Now I've just got to see that!
I wonder what she looked like.
Hurry up and get those albums!
[ISAAK]
Oh, if you insist.
Here you go.
Hmm.
Oh, this takes me way back!
Oh, look at us
like two peas in a pod!
[NATALIA]
Aren't we the cutest?
Where are you in here, Natalia?
That's me.
[gasps]
♪
[thuds]
-What happened? -And what
is that supposed to mean?
I mean the girl in that picture
doesn't look a thing
like you now!
I'm gonna give you one chance
to start over with
that sentence
before I give it
to you real good.
Unless you wanna
say that again?
What's it gonna be?
-[chuckling]
-[whimpers]
What? Don't tell me you're
tapping out on me already!
[SHY]
They're closer than I realized.
That said,
Natalia really did look
like a princess back then.
The girl next to her
as gorgeous as well.
[gasps]
[wind blowing]
[TZVETA]
Just like the good old days.
[snickering]
Come on,
you're messing up my hair.
Excuse me...
-...time working on it
this morning. -But that girl
standing next to
you wouldn't happen to be...
Huh?
Oh,
you hit the nail on the head.
That pretty lady is Lenya.
[MALE ORPHAN 8A]
Sorry, could you get that?
[FEMALE ORPHAN 8C]
Yeah!
♪
I'd like to join you.
So we can play a game together.
[NATALIA]
She was little,
but that's what Pepesha's
mother looked like.
Do you see this?
She looks like...
♪
But why?
[SPIRIT] Why does this
old picture of my mama
look exactly the same
as that girl?
♪
[SHY]
Shy.
♪
Mama didn't have
a family to speak of,
and she's too young
to be a long-lost sister.
But in this picture,
they're too similar.
Like it's really her.
[SPIRIT]
But there's no way that's true.
Since my mama
isn't with us.
[howling]
-[screaming]
-[gasps]
What was that?
Don't tell me...
Oh?
-[door opens]
-Huh?
♪
Oh?
What in the world is going on?
-[crying]
-[gasps]
-Kids, come here, quick.
Tell me what's happening. Oh.
We-We don't know.
There was a strange
girl we didn't recognize
and she walked up to us.
And froze her solid!
What's going on?
We've got to help.
Let's Heart-Shift.
-[SPIRIT] Just do it.
-I guess we have to!
[tapping]
♪
-[gasps]
-Teru,
make sure that kid is safe.
Uh, sure!
Pesha.
[SPIRIT]
All this ice.
Is Tzveta here?
But her timing is
more than peculiar.
Is she after me?
[straining]
Hey, are you all right?
-S-So, so..
-You must be cold.
But everything's gonna be
okay now.
-S-S...
-Huh?
Her clothing looks familiar.
So, so...
Surprise!
[gasps]
'Kay, so, how was
my opening act?
Wasn't it hilarious
how I was frozen solid?
Kufufu!
You can call me Kufufu!
I was born to make sure
the whole world's got a
smile plastered
across their face!
I'm gonna take "kill
'em with comedy" too far!
JK!
So, does that mean...
you belong to Amarariruku?
What's this?
You wanna hear about
my dramatic backstory?
Kufufu...
Okay. I'll confirm I
belong to Amarariruku.
And you're not the only member
of your crew here right now!
Tzveta's around here too,
isn't she?
Is Tzveta here?
Of course!
-Silly, why else do you think
we'd come here? -[sighs]
If you don't shut up,
you'll tell them everything.
[gasps]
Good to see you, Pesha.
I assume that
you're feeling better.
[TZVETA] Sorry about that,
I went too far.
But in my defense, you did
something really mean to me,
like some awful adult.
I want answers.
Why are you here
of all places?
[SPIRIT]
She looks a lot like mama.
But it can't be her.
Stigma uses the
darkness in people's hearts.
I'm sure he's just trying to
take advantage of my weakness.
This has got to be
some kind of trick.
Why am I here, you say?
Well, it's funny.
I don't have a single memory
before I woke up
at the North Pole.
[crashing]
So, I wonder why myself.
There's something about you.
Something about this place
that stirs my memories a bit.
Perhaps you were the one person
I cared about
more than anything.
Or perhaps
the person I hated the most.
That's enough of that.
Just who are you anyway?
And why are you the spitting
image of my mama?
Oh. Huh?
I wonder if that's the reason
why Pesha rolls off
the tongue so easily.
[grunts]
[shouts]
[screaming]
[chuckling]
Cut the crap with the lies
and cheap imitations.
You're going to piss me off!
How bizarre!
For some reason,
when I'm looking at you,
my heart feels alive again.
[SPIRIT]
To be frank,
my emotions
are as hazy as my memories.
But Stigma's ideology
has earned my approval.
This world,
it cost me nothing
but pain and suffering.
My cold reality.
I believe I hated it to
the core of my being.
[TZVETA]
But not this place.
I felt warm when I was here.
I wish I could spend
eternity in these walls.
As I enter this
nostalgic landscape.
I can feel the gentle
winds of home embrace me.
It's better than I could ever
imagine it feeling.
I knew my place was here.
What do you mean "your place?"
It's like he said,
within every person's heart,
there's a place
made for you alone.
A place to separate reality
from your dreams.
Kufufu!
Somewhere the never ending
torment of existence
cannot reach you.
-No.
-[cracking]
There's only peace
everlasting here.
-[crashing]
-[gasps]
And you already know the
name he bestowed on this place.
A name you've all heard before.
What is that?!
♪
[crashing]
[exploding]
[TZVETA]
Amarariruku.
I accept the cold reality
no more.
From now on,
we'll live our life here.
Enveloped in the
warm days of youth.
[crashing]
[gasps]
Let me welcome you
to the inner
depths of my heart.
My Amarariruku.